[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114341)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-azure-file-pod.adoc

[id="create-azure-file-pod_{context}"]
= Mount the Azure File share in a pod

[role="_abstract"]

> After the persistent volume claim has been created, it can be used inside by an application. The following example demonstrates mounting this share inside of a pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create a persistent volume (PV), you can use the PV inside by an application. 

The following example demonstrates mounting this share inside of a pod.
```

* Create a pod that mounts the existing persistent volume claim:
+

> [source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]

Reviewer 2: Why is this added? We only use this when required, if this was rendering right already we don't need to add it

----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: pod-name
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    volumeMounts:
    - mountPath: "/data"
      name: azure-file-share
  volumes:
    - name: azure-file-share
      persistentVolumeClaim:
        claimName: claim1
----
+
where:

`name`:: Specifies the name of the pod.
`mountPath`:: Specifies the path to mount the Azure File share inside the pod, for example `/data`. Do not mount to the container root, `/`, or any path that is the same in the host and the container. This can corrupt your host system if the container is sufficiently privileged, such as the host `/dev/pts` files. It is safe to mount the host by using `/host`.

> `claimName`:: Specifies the name of the `PersistentVolumeClaim` object that has been previously created.

Reviewer 2: These need dot-notation for the nested keys, refer to the examples to ensure compliance with our format for these replacements
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j78SA8Y-ZRlVATbVe6D8bdYj7mQzzhOJtGt1xH_3qa0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ec7ki9vv8uj5

.Verification

* Verify that the pod is running and the volume is mounted:
+
[source,bash,subs="+quotes"]
----
$ oc get pod __<pod-name>__

> ----

Reviewer 2: Please adhere to OCP docs guidelines for [command steps](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command), [oc command blocks](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#source-tags-for-terminal-commands-and-output), and [user replaceable variables](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#command-syntax-for-replaceable-values)
```suggestion
* Verify that the pod is running and the volume is mounted by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pod <pod_name>
----
```

apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: pod-name
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    volumeMounts:
    - mountPath: "/data"
      name: azure-file-share
  volumes:
    - name: azure-file-share
      persistentVolumeClaim:
        claimName: claim1
----
where:

`metadata.name`:: Specifies the name of the pod.

> `spec.volumeMounts.mountPath`:: Specifies the path to mount the Azure File share inside the pod, for example `/data`. Do not mount to the container root, `/`, or any path that is the same in the host and the container. This can corrupt your host system if the container is sufficiently privileged, such as the host `/dev/pts` files. It is safe to mount the host by using `/host`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.containers.volumeMounts.mountPath`:: Specifies the path to mount the Azure File share inside the pod, for example `/data`. Do not mount to the container root, `/`, or any path that is the same in the host and the container. This can corrupt your host system if the container is sufficiently privileged, such as the host `/dev/pts` files. It is safe to mount the host by using `/host`.
```
